Update documentation related to Google reCAPTCHA (#202)
magento/merchdocs: src/stores/security-google-recaptcha.md

![Google reCAPTCHA - customer login]({% link images/images/customer-account-login-recaptcha.png %}){: .zoom}
_Customer Login with reCAPTCHA v2_

[Google reCAPTCHA][1] verifies users with increased security and reduced clicks for each of completion, which can be implemented in several ways:

1. reCAPTCHA v2  verifies users and customers using an on-click feature and includes two types

    - _"I am not a robot"_ Checkbox Validate requests with the "I'm not a robot" checkbox. Users and customers  need to click the checkbox and possibly select specific images to complete a challenge.

>     - Invisible reCAPTCHA badge (**recommended**) performs background verification without user interaction. Users and customers are automatically verified and possibly select specific images to complete a challenge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Invisible reCAPTCHA badge (**recommended**) performs background verification without user interaction. Users and customers are automatically verified, but might be required to select specific images to complete a challenge.
```

> 2. reCAPTCHA v3 Verify requests with a score based on Google algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. reCAPTCHA v3 Verify requests with a score based on a Google algorithm.
```

1. Open the [Google reCAPTCHA page][2] and log in to your account.

1. Create/Register a new site.

1. Enter a **Label** for the keys.

   For example, enter `Magento v2 Invisible`. You only need one set of keys per each reCAPTCHA type for your entire Magento instance.

1. Choose the type of Google reCAPTCHA that you want to use:

    - `reCAPTCHA v3` — Verify requests with a score
        

>     - `reCAPTCHA v2` — Verifies with a button click or images selection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `reCAPTCHA v2` — Verifies with a button click or image selections
```

    ![Google reCAPTCHA - site registration]({% link images/images/recaptcha-register-new-site.png %}){: .zoom}
    _Google reCAPTCHA Site Registration_

1. Click **SUBMIT** to complete registration and receive keys.

    ![Google reCAPTCHA - keys]({% link images/images/recaptcha-keys.png %})
    
{:.bs-callout-info}

> **Pay attention!** Not all keys are applicable for all types of reCAPTCHA and could lead to unexpected behavior. Example Google reCAPTCHA keys generated for _reCAPTCHA v2 "I'm not a robot"_ will not work with _reCAPTCHA v2 Invisible_ and could block functionality where reCAPTCHA is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important!** Not all keys are applicable for all types of reCAPTCHA, and misapplying them could lead to unexpected behavior. For example, Google reCAPTCHA keys generated for _reCAPTCHA v2 "I'm not a robot"_ will not work with _reCAPTCHA v2 Invisible_ and could block functionality where reCAPTCHA is enabled.
```

    

## Step 2: Configure Google reCAPTCHA in Magento

### For reCaptcha v2 types ("I'm not a robot" and Invisible)
 
1. Sign in to the Admin of your Magento store.

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Stores** > _Settings_ > **Configuration**.

1. In the upper-right corner, set **Store View** to `Default Config`.

1. In the left panel, expand _Security_ and choose **Google reCaptcha**.

> 1. On the page, expand the **General** section and enter the following generated keys for specific reCAPTCHA type that should be enabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the page, expand the **General** section and enter the following generated keys for the specific reCAPTCHA type to be enabled:
```

    - Google API website key
    - Google API secret key

    ![Google reCAPTCHA - keys configuration]({% link images/images/config-security-recaptcha-keys.png %}){: .zoom}
    [_Google reCAPTCHA keys_]({% link configuration/security/google-recaptcha.md %})
    

> 1. Select reCaptcha v2 type based on generated keys    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the reCaptcha v2 type based on the generated keys    
```

    - **Enable** — Set to `Yes`.

>     - **Invisible badge position** — Choose `Inline` or `Bottom Right` or `Bottom Left`. Applicable only to _Invisible reCaptcha v2_ and _Invisible reCaptcha v3_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Invisible badge position** — Choose `Inline`, `Bottom Right`, or `Bottom Left`. Applicable only to _Invisible reCaptcha v2_ and _Invisible reCaptcha v3_. 
```

    - **Theme** — Choose `Light` or `Dark`. Applicable only to _reCaptcha v2("I am not a robot")_.

    - **Size** — Choose `Normal` or `Compact`. Applicable only to _reCaptcha v2("I am not a robot")_.

    - Select where the CAPTCHA is used.
  
      By default, reCAPTCHA is enabled for these pages.

      - **Use in Login**
      - **Use in Forgot password**
      - **Use in Contact**
      - **Use in Create user**
      - **Use in Review**
      - **Use in PayPal PayflowPro payment form**
      - **Use invisible ReCaptcha in newsletter** Requires an Invisible ReCaptcha v2 or v3 key. If enabled, a badge will be displayed in every page.
      - **Use in Send To Friend**

1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Save Config</span>.

> ### For reCaptcha v3 type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### For reCaptcha v3
```

 
1. Sign in to the Admin of your Magento store.

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Stores** > _Settings_ > **Configuration**.

1. In the upper-right corner, set **Store View** to `Default Config`.

1. In the left panel, expand _Security_ and choose **Google reCaptcha**.

1. On the page, expand the **General** section and enter the following generated keys for _reCAPTCHA v3_:

    - Google API website key
    - Google API secret key

    ![Google reCAPTCHA - keys configuration]({% link images/images/config-security-recaptcha-keys.png %}){: .zoom}
    [_Google reCAPTCHA keys_]({% link configuration/security/google-recaptcha.md %})
    
1. Select *reCaptcha type* as _Invisible reCaptcha v3_   

    ![Google reCAPTCHA v2 - type configuration]({% link images/images/config-security-recaptcha-type-v3.png %}){: .zoom}   

1. Expand (![Expansion selector]({% link images/images/btn-expand.png %})) the **Backend** section and set the options

   If needed, clear the **Use system value** checkbox to change the setting.

    - **Enable** — Set to `Yes`.

>     - **Minimum score** — Input value from `0.0` to `1.0` where `1.0` is very likely a good interaction, `0.0` is very likely a bot. For more details see official documentation [Interpreting the score][3]   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Minimum score** — Input a value from `0.0` to `1.0`, where `1.0` is very likely a good interaction, and `0.0` is very likely a bot. For more, details see the official product documentation [Interpreting the score][3]   
```

    ![Google reCAPTCHA - backend configuration]({% link images/images/config-2fa-google-recaptcha-backend-v3.png %}){: .zoom}

1. Expand (![Expansion selector]({% link images/images/btn-expand.png %})) the **Frontend** section and add Google reCAPTCHA to customer accounts:

    ![Google reCAPTCHA - frontend configuration]({% link images/images/config-2fa-google-recaptcha-v3-frontend.png %}){: .zoom}
    [_Google reCAPTCHA Frontend_]({% link configuration/security/google-recaptcha.md %})

   If needed, clear the **Use system value** checkbox to change the setting.

    - **Enable** — Set to `Yes`.

>     - **Invisible badge position** — Choose `Inline` or `Bottom Right` or `Bottom Left`. Applicable only to _Invisible reCaptcha v2_ and _Invisible reCaptcha v3_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Invisible badge position** — Choose `Inline`, `Bottom Right`, or `Bottom Left`. Applicable only to _Invisible reCaptcha v2_ and _Invisible reCaptcha v3_. 
```

>     - **Minimum score** — Input value from `0.0` to `1.0` where `1.0` is very likely a good interaction, `0.0` is very likely a bot. For more details see official documentation [Interpreting the score][3]    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Minimum score** — Input a value from `0.0` to `1.0`, where `1.0` is very likely a good interaction, and `0.0` is very likely a bot. For more details, see the official product documentation [Interpreting the score][3]    
```
